Add hacktoberfest README (#1516)
returntocorp/semgrep-rules: HACKTOBERFEST2021.md

> <img src="https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/_nuxt/img/logo-hacktoberfest-full.f42e3b1.svg" width="500px" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p align="center"><img src="https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/_nuxt/img/logo-hacktoberfest-full.f42e3b1.svg" width="500px" /></p>
```

> We're participating in Hacktoberfest! This is our first year participating, and we hope it's a tradition for many years go come!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're participating in Hacktoberfest 2021! This is our first year participating, and we hope it's a tradition for many years to come!
```

We want your help securing software everywhere. One of the best ways to do that is to leverage your expertise developing novel [Semgrep rules](https://semgrep.dev/r) for anyone to use. If you want to help, consider making a pull request to this repository with a new Semgrep rule. We accept rule contributions year-round, so feel free to make a PR at any time!

> We will be active in our [Slack channel](https://r2c.dev/slack). Come hang out in the `#rules` channel! Ask questions, collaborate, or whatever!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be active in our [Slack group](https://r2c.dev/slack). Come hang out in the `#rules` channel! Ask questions, collaborate, or just say hi!
```

## The Hacktoberfest Project

For Hacktoberfest, we are inviting everyone to participate in a project that will be ongoing throughout October: we'll be battle testing Semgrep's new [taint mode](https://semgrep.dev/docs/writing-rules/data-flow/#taint-tracking) on open-source code. We want to use taint mode this month to:
- Scan tons of open source code to find new sources and sinks
- Write new Semgrep rules based on the sources and sinks found
- Fix bugs in open source code
- Find and report bugs in Semgrep's taint mode

There are two main ways you can particpate:
1. Triage a list of sources and sinks that we already have
1. Create a new list of sources and sinks

### Triage sources and sinks

> We have [lists of sources and sinks](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1k-VGANT6q-zbQVmvkLFpXvUiATyYzIA0xUbNPA_BwXo/edit) generated from open source code. These are found using a generic taint rule that will enumerate all functions that are touched by user input. An example of a generic taint rule is listed below. This rule will report every function touched by `flask.request.args`, which is one way which query parameters are accessed in Flask. You can also see it work in the [live editor](https://semgrep.dev/s/Ev48)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have [lists of sources and sinks](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1k-VGANT6q-zbQVmvkLFpXvUiATyYzIA0xUbNPA_BwXo/edit) generated from open source code. These are found using a generic taint rule that will enumerate all functions that are touched by user input. An example of a generic taint rule is listed below. This rule will find every function touched by `flask.request.args`, one way in which query parameters are accessed in Flask. You can also play with it in the [Semgrep Playground](https://semgrep.dev/s/Ev48).
```

```yaml
rules:
  - id: generic-sinks-flask
    languages:
      - python
    message: $SINK
    mode: taint
    pattern-sinks:
      - pattern: $SINK(...)
    pattern-sources:
      - pattern-either:
          - pattern: flask.request.args.get(...)
          - pattern: flask.request.args[...]
    severity: INFO
```

Most of the sinks will be unintersting. However, some of them may have security implications - we want your help finding these!

The current list of sources and sinks are on this public Google spreadsheet here: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1k-VGANT6q-zbQVmvkLFpXvUiATyYzIA0xUbNPA_BwXo/edit

If you're investigating a finding, mark the row as "taken". See https://docs.google.com/document/d/17qhCJnutJfheZF06jv8qgOo0GyDTgOWcMuOu6rdmfEQ/edit for more details.

**Writing a new Semgrep rule**

> If you discover a pattern that you think will make a good Semgrep rule, follow the guidelines in [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep-rules/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) for making a PR to this repository. You can use any IDE to develop Semgrep rules, or you can use our [live web editor](https://semgrep.dev/editor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you discover a pattern that you think will make a good Semgrep rule, follow the guidelines in [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep-rules/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md) for making a PR to this repository. You can use any IDE to develop Semgrep rules, or you can use the [Semgrep Playground](https://semgrep.dev/editor).
```
